the UN Security Council met at Iran's
request its Ambassador I rate over the
assassination of Hamas negotiator Ismail
Hana as he visited the Iranian Capital
many council members including China
Russia and Algeria condemned Israel's
act as a violation of Iran's sovereignty
and territorial Integrity so did
Palestine president violence and Terror
are clearly Israel's Main and only
currency not international law not
diplomacy not mediation not respect for
human life there is no red line for
Israel no law it will not breach no Norm
it will not trample Iran blamed the
United States as well as Israel
responsibility of the United States as a
strategic Ally and Main supporters of
the Israeli regime in the region cannot
be overlooked in this horrific
crime this act could not be occurred
without the authorization and
intelligence support of the US the US
denied any knowledge of the attack and
said a broader war was neither imminent
nor inevitable we encourage members of
this council with direct influence over
Iran to increase pressure on it to stop
escalating its proxy conflict against
Israel and other
actors indeed every member of this
Council should call on Iran to stop
arming advising and financing terrorist
groups and to reign in the actions of
proxies and partners who threaten
Regional peace and security Israel also
blamed Iran without admitting
responsibility for the attack Iran is
not merely a sponsor of terrorism it is
the very engine driving the Machinery of
death and destruction that threatens us
all the blood of innocent children in
Maj Al Shams and of the victims of the
October 7th Massacre and all other since
then meanwhile the head of un
peacekeeping and other envoys have been
meeting with government officials in
Lebanon where the targeting of a senior
Hezbollah official resulted in four dead
civilians they are calling for restraint
Kristen salumi Al jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer